Add more data to export command (#14894)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/usage/administration/admin_faq.md

---
Synapse includes a Python command to export data for a specific user. It takes the homeserver
configuration file and the full Matrix ID of the user to export:

```console
python -m synapse.app.admin_cmd -c <config_file> export-data <user_id> --output-directory <directory_path>
```

If you uses [Poetry](../../development/dependencies.md#managing-dependencies-with-poetry)
to run Synapse:

```console
poetry run python -m synapse.app.admin_cmd -c <config_file> export-data <user_id> --output-directory <directory_path>
```

> The directory to store the exported data must be empty.
> It can be set with the optional parameter `--output-directory`.
> Defaults to creating a temp directory. This is a subfolder that starts with
> `synapse-exfiltrate` in `/tmp`, `/var/tmp`, or `/usr/tmp`, in that order.

Reviewer: I had some trouble following this:

```suggestion
The directory to store the export data in can be customised with the
`--output-directory` parameter; ensure that the provided directory is
empty. If this parameter is not provided, Synapse defaults to creating
a temporary directory (which starts with "synapse-exfiltrate") in `/tmp`,
`/var/tmp`, or `/usr/tmp`, in that order.
```
